1) Start test and Stop test - Pe Question -- Used to increase governor limit 
2) Excecution order :-  Before,Validation Rule,After, Assignment, Workflow
3) (Trigger.ISInsert){
dowork();
}
4) Which Component can be deployed using using change -set  / Ant -- 
Ans :- Case layout and Account layout (do not chosse feed layout option )
5) If deployment fails even your class has 95% coverage..what will you do ? Failure- coverage is less than 74%
Ans :- We will increase the covergae of existing test classes
6) Lighjting components/bundle mein kya aata hai ?
Ans - Documentation and Javascript
7) If u want to update field of lookup relationship -- toh kaise hoga ? 
answer :- Using Process builder
8) what workflow can do ?
Answer :- 1) send outbound message
2) Create task / Activity
9) if u want to populate so and so field on update which event of trigger will fire?
Answer :- Before Insert and Before update
10) Cross object formula field
Answe :- 
1)Hidden values can be accessed, 
2) Formula fields are created on Master-detail / lookup relatiobship
3) upto 10 relationship it can be created.
11) Primitive type of Currency 
Answer :- Double
12) if status of account is updated then how will status of opportunity is updated
Answer :- by using Apex trigger (firing DML)
13 ) Deployment kaise ho sakta hai ?
Answer :- Sandbox to Sandbox and Sandbox to Production 
14) Changeset pe Question 
Answer :- 1) Connection hona chaiye
2) Meta data
kya select nahi karna :- Transfer records and second option Transfer custom seeting 
15) before converting lead i want status to be mandatory
Answer :- Validation Rule
16 ) Related to sharing
Answer -1) both inner and outer can have with sharing
2) inner class can not be with sharing
17) best method to include script, css, images
Answer:- Static resource
18) Question on Schema like how will you get the record type names and Picklist values of a field.
Answer :- 1)Schema.object.case.getpicklist
2) query on RT
19) if value is updated then send detail to third party
Answer:- workflow outbound message
20) Question on what can be done with declarative..
Answer:- pagelayouts, validation or worflow
21) List view ke liye kya karoge
Answer :- Standard set controller (querylocator wala option with limit 1)
22) Advantages of standard set controller
Answer :- 1) pagination 2) dml on bulk of records - update on list ek saath
23) what is not allowed
Answer:- loop mein query and single dml is not allowed in loop
24) Warehouse question about the relationship
ans : one to many
25) Use of developer console
ans : execute ananymous, view logs..
26) related to SOSL
ans : list of list of sobject
27) boolean inheritance
ans : Object
28) standard field when insert a new contact
ans : LastName
29) use of lightening component
ans : event driven...responsive
30) run Test class 
ans : Test execution and developer console




